what is up guys it's all sake of zd+
today I'm making another GTA 5 video
it's video I'm really buying the proffer
got what cards called but um before I
start the video I just wanna say I'm
clear for a week so I will be posting
tons of videos GTA 5 like black ops 2
minecraft and now I'm running out of
ideas guys so yeah please tell me what
to do we're planning on recording some
funny moments tonight and tomorrow like
throughout this weekend you know and
yeah so that's that since the last video
I bought this sand King and yeah that's
pretty nice paint job it's fine red and
Torino red till we slip I think but uh
I'm just gonna order this on a car that
I want so
this car I don't know how to pronounce
it it's a lot of money though well for
me right now it is I'm saving a present
or them you know whatever well I guess
it's not that much money alright guys so
uh I will get back to you when the car
arrives a new car I'll bring it to you
good I've got my car arrived and on let
me know if the audio is like too loud in
my one area meaning like the game is too
loud or I'm too loud or if it's alright
because I'm using my headphones right
now and it's really loud for me but I
know it's not that loud in the video so
just tell me that speech shut up but
yeah just tell me your thoughts
and I should it's been delivered I'm in
it right now I know it is it's my new
ride alright so now we're gonna
customize this thing up so I didn't
really test anything like this internal
I know what paint job I'm gonna put on
probably and this I I just I don't know
really
so any bulk exhaust things hood now I
never go with the carbon hood I never
put a horn on either I'm going to tell
you guys what I've never put on okay
ever put on a horn sometimes I put on
lights always change the plate but I
never put on like bulletproof tires I
know that's not good that was weird
I know it's not good but uh you know
whatever I mean I don't really need
Islander they're just way too expensive
so I think what was I going to do it was
like diamond blue or something
I've seen
yeah that's pretty cool I guess should I
get it
it's actually not that much usually it's
a lot of money maybe it's on sale or
something okay so the crew emblem that
would look really nice I really want to
put that on the problem is it's really
expensive and if you look closely
there's like there's like lines around
the crew emblem that I put on and they
don't really look good up spoiler I
don't think I'm not going
yeah this car is just one of those cars
like the obey 9f which is like the audio
eight of your life where you just can't
respond that it doesn't it doesn't look
cool you know
Drupal's fifty thousand a thousand
twenty five eight wheels
I really hate how it does is because I
really want these wheels but I wanted to
change the color you know yeah I think
the wheels actually hypnose I'm really
not customizing much in this video
put the light on
is that it or 50 I really done with the
video now I think they are not done with
the video but done with the car it's a
lot of money for the neon lights Hey
I'm gonna put on a custom whore baby
okay I'm not putting on a custom water
stream sponsor all right so this is my
new ride hey I hate when the radio turns
on and I'm like making a video oh yeah
that's right love buckets see I bought
them a Sakura
the reason I compared this to miss
Sakura is because those headlights
they're like the same had likes you know
and I just love that style and excuse me
did you just really call me that
yeah I think twice next time anyway
there is not like the miss ackers
because the headlights and um you know I
just wanted to get a new car because to
be honest with you I love the misako but
I've been using it way too much this is
my favorite like sports car right now so
you know I don't want to like wear it
out if you know what I mean like I don't
want to use it too much and then not
like it
so I'm going to use this for one for a
while and this one is convertible so
that's really nice and I'm just going to
take a quick photo of my car
whoops my bad all right guys that's
pretty much it for this video I really
hope you liked it if you did be sure to
drop like if you disliked it then be
sure to drop a dislike enough yeah guys
have a nice day
ah
you